# Meeting Minutes: Team 14/ProForce

## Date: 10/30/2022, 4:00PM - 5:00PM
## Location: 3rd Floor Lounge of CSE Building
## Meeting Type: Sprint Planning Meeting

### Members Present
-----------------------
- Jose Salazar
- Zhaoyu Zhang
- Sky Hung
- Ruilin Hu
- William Kim
- Gnamitha Naganathanahalli
- Henry He
- Ryan O'toole


### Previous Business
-----------------------
No unresolved topics from last time

### Agenda and Meeting Notes
-----------------------
- Zhaoyu Zhang
  - Welcome and greet everyone at the meeting
- Jose Salazar
  - Announcement: The project has been approved by our TA, so we can now commence our first sprint
  - Give feedback on the project: The sharing functionality can easily become difficult, so proceed its implementation with caution
- Zhaoyu Zhang 
  - Form 4 teams for people to join: frontend, backend, CI/CD process design, testing
- Jose Salazar
  - Provide goals for each of the teams to complete by the end of the sprint this week
    - Frontend: Using the UI in the pitch as a reference, frontend should work creating those elements on a JS page. End goal is to have a basic webpage that looks like the UI we planned, no fancy styling, just the essential grids and box elements 
    - Backend: Think about the functionality to implement into each element of UI in pitch and think about its technical implementation. Backend is doing more research comparatively to plan for the future
    - CI/CD: Look into the different pipelines and weigh their pros and cons
    - Testing: Look into different ways to implement testing (e.g. manual, automated testing, and so on)
  - Homework for everyone: Look into the share functionality and implementing it in HTML/CSS/JavaScript

### Decisions Made
-----------------------
- We have formed a front end team for the first sprint consisting of the following members:
  - Jose Salazar
  - Gnamitha Naganathanahalli
  - William Kim
  - Yuang Cui
  - Ryan O'toole
- Also formed a backend team consisting of the following members:
  - Zhaoyu Zhang
  - Ruilin Hu
  - Antonio Anguiano
  - Sky Hung
- We also decided that it would be good to have a team for CI/CD pipeline planning and Unit test creation/Code Review
  - Tenatively, Jose is on the CI/CD team and Ruilin is on the testing team   


### Agenda Items to cover Next Meeting
-----------------------
- No agenda items to cover next meeting. However, frontend team and backend team are having their own individual meetings to plan out more concrete next steps

### Adjournment
-----------------------
Meeting adjourned at 4:52 PM