# Meeting Minutes: Team 14/ProForce

## Date: 11/14/2022, 4:30PM - 5:00PM
## Location: Hybrid - 3rd Floor Lounge of CSE Building and Zoom
## Meeting Type: Sprint Review Meeting

### Members Present
-----------------------
- Jose Salazar
- Zhaoyu Zhang
- Ruilin Hu
- William Kim
- Gnamitha Naganathanahalli
- Antonio Anguiano
- Sky Hung
- Ryan O'toole
- Haonan He


### Previous Business
-----------------------
No unresolved topics from last time

### Agenda and Meeting Notes
-----------------------
- Retrospective Poll with Responses:
  - *What do you think we as a team (or team leaders) did well for this sprint?*
    - We did great on splitting to smaller group and working on different tasks
    - Taking initiative and being proactive on issues
    - Team leaders and team have done a create job creating tasks and organizing priorities and working on tasks with each other
    - Fast response; resilience; reaching out for help (instructors, TAs); workflow; take advice seriously; being friendly and supportive
    - Project is making good progress
    - I think we did a good job of starting the tasks and asking ta's for clarification
  - *What do you think we as a team (or team leaders) can improve on for this sprint?*
    - Maybe improve on the github branching management? I frequently get lost on which branch to follow
    - Put more issues at start of the week
    - We can be more specific on which person was assigned on which tasks
    - nothing
    - We definitely need to be more responsive on github issues and checking on each other's work on a daily basis
    - I think making better issues and assigning them, or at least assigning people to create the issues would be helpful
  - *What do you wish we as a team (or team leaders) did for this sprint?*
    - From me personally, I should have been more communicative about my situation
    - Foster the communication. I feel like I don't know what exactly I should do. 
    - Update main more frequently; review pull requests;
    - if possible a rough roadmap of features would be nice but it sounds complex
    - I wish we did the issue for github starting from the beginning
    - Diversify tasks so more people have something to do
- Discussion on these poll responses. This led to the following decisions below to follow through with for the next sprint
- And the next sprint is officially on!


### Decisions Made
-----------------------
- One of our biggest strengths as a team is communication. We should keep up that communication
- Clarification from William: We should be pushing all of our code to new branches titled "features/featureName" where featureName is the feature you are working on, and pull the code from main for the most up-to-date code
- At the beginning of each week, in addition to assigning people to issues with GitHub, announce these assignments to the Slack workspace, especially so everyone else knows what other people are assigned to
- We team leaders (Jose and Zhaoyu) will make a project board for the upcoming week and assign people to issues. We will also pay special attention that everyone is getting a share of the work and is clear on what they should be doing.
- In addition, in case one of us team members has something that they want to talk to other team members about, we should send a message to the Slack asking everyone to join their impromptu meeting to discuss the issue rather than waiting until the next big group meeting. Since the team contract states that we must have 3 days notice before these meetings take place, these meeting cannot be mandatory. However, if you have the time to spare, consider joining these meetings to be a part of the discussion. **Again these "meetings" are not mandatory**


### Agenda Items to cover Next Meeting
-----------------------
No other items to cover for the next meeting

### Adjournment
-----------------------
Meeting adjourned at 4:59 PM