# Meeting Minutes: Team 14/ProForce

## Date: 11/28/2022, 4:00PM - 4:30PM
## Location: Hybrid - 4th Floor Lounge of CSE Building and Zoom
## Meeting Type: Sprint Review Meeting

### Members Present
-----------------------
- Jose Salazar
- Zhaoyu Zhang
- William Kim
- Yuang Cui
- Ruilin Hu
- Gnamitha Naganathanahalli
- Sky Hung
- Antonio Anguiano
- Ryan O'toole
- Henry He


### Previous Business
-----------------------
No unresolved topics from last time

### Agenda and Meeting Notes
-----------------------
- Round of Updates
  - William was reviewing pull requests, and looked into ways to fix our failing Jest tests. He was also doing some debugging of the code changes made to the addCoffeeCard function.
  - Jose was working on fixing the issue where you could click other buttons such as delete, while you were adding or editing a card. In addition, he was working on styling the import button that was made.
  - Antonio figured out how BrowserStack works, so we can test our software on different browsers to see its behavior. In addition, he tested the input date works on the coffee card, implemented sorting based on price and date, and styled the sorting and added the documentation for it. A pull request with these changes was made to the GitHub repository. Antonio also investigated briefly alternate ways to present the form for making/editing a coffee card.
  - Ryan has been busy with his other classes, so he has not had the time to work on this project.
  - Sky implemented the import feature, using two different approaches: An import button that allows you to select files from your local device, and a drag and drop method of importing files. 
  - Henry was working on representing the delete button with a trash icon, and styling the coffee card so that the trash can appears properly on the coffee card, next to the export button. He was running into issues since the trash icon only appears in the corner of the share button. 
  - Gnamitha has been working on the help button feature and the basic pop-up feature for it
  - Yuang was working on the issues assigned to him, mainly the ability to change the background colors of the page and styling some aspects of the website
  - Ruilin was working on styling the code in the main branch so that it complies with the lint filters set up. In addition, she worked on the Jest testing, investigating why the tests were failing with our code pushed in other branches, and fixing them afterwards.
  - Zhaoyu has been working on the export button feature and sorting options with Antonio. 

### Decisions Made
-----------------------
- Adding a delete button icon (the trash can) will be a low priority task. 
- Similarly, the help button is also a low priority task. 
- Full priority will go into testing, with some priority placed on styling the webpage. 


### Agenda Items to cover Next Meeting
-----------------------
No other items to address for the next meeting

### Adjournment
-----------------------
Meeting adjourned at 4:27 PM