# Meeting Minutes: Team 14/ProForce

## Date: 11/28/2022, 4:30PM - 5:00PM
## Location: Hybrid - 4th Floor Lounge of CSE Building and Zoom
## Meeting Type: Sprint Review Meeting

### Members Present
-----------------------
- Jose Salazar
- Zhaoyu Zhang
- Ruilin Hu
- William Kim
- Gnamitha Naganathanahalli
- Antonio Anguiano
- Sky Hung
- Ryan O'toole
- Haonan He


### Previous Business
-----------------------
No unresolved topics from last time

### Agenda and Meeting Notes
-----------------------
- Retrospective Poll with Responses:
  - *What do you think we as a team (or team leaders) did well for this sprint?*
    - I think we did a good job on resolving issues this sprint
    - We were able to split into tasks effectively. 
    - The team’s already behind me and providing support, both technical and psychological.
    - I think we did a good job at finding solutions to different functions we want to achieve. But I feel like it’s hard to resolve the merging and testing problems. Also things are getting too complicated and not agile enough.
    - I think the team leaders did a better job of assigning tasks and making the workflow clear.
    - I think we did a good job on keeping track of the github issues and the corresponding implementations/fixes.
    - I think we did a good job on creating issues and assign smaller groups to work on the project.
    - Assigning tasks and answering questions
  - *What do you think we as a team (or team leaders) can improve on for this sprint?*
    - I wish there was more attention to documenting and alerting the team when decisions were made. I.e. styling requirements
    - I wish assigned people were a bit more responsive on slack. There are instances where are forced to take initiative if others dont reply
    - Maybe improve on branch management. I feel like people are working on out-of-date branches.
    - Probably we can break things down to smaller pieces and create tasks that can be worked on concurrently.
    - We probably did not realize how fundamental some changes can be. We have to make sure we do not break tests before we merge with main. Also, we need to merge more often.
    - Some people seemed to be working on older branches too often.
  - *What do you wish we as a team (or team leaders) did for this sprint?*
    - Just more communication that's all
    - Communication
    - We need to conduct more experiments about some changes. Also, we should be more active on the project board so that we know what each other is doing at the moment.
    - I wish we could ask for help more and get more people involved and think of breaking things into smaller parts.
    - Better communication would have reduced the amount of people working in older branches.
- Discussion on these poll responses. This led to the following decisions below to follow through with for the next sprint
- We have until Sunday (Dec 4th) to continue coding for the project, ie editing source files and adding tests. We are very close to finishing. So carry on and stay strong!


### Decisions Made
-----------------------
- We effectively used the GitHub project boards and have seen a lot more direction, so we should keep utilizing them
- We have been maintaining a safe space (Good psychological safety). Keep up the friendliness and good behavior
- We should be deleting the branches that we are no longer using. Some of the branches will be deleted later today
- As we are in our final days of working on this project, we should be more attentive/responsive on Slack, especially if you are working with other people for a particular task
- 
### Agenda Items to cover Next Meeting
-----------------------
No other items to cover for the next meeting

### Adjournment
-----------------------
Meeting adjourned at 4:58 PM